Add receptorctl traceroute documentation (#1038)
ansible/receptor: docs/source/receptorctl/receptorctl_traceroute.rst

----------
traceroute
----------

.. contents::
   :local:

> ``receptorctl traceroute`` print the network route packets follow to Receptor nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``receptorctl traceroute`` displays the network route that packets follow to Receptor nodes.
```

Command syntax: ``receptorctl --socket=<socket_path> traceroute <remote_node>``

``socket_path`` is the control socket address for the Receptor connection.
   The default is ``unix:`` for a Unix socket.
   Use ``tcp://`` for a TCP socket.
   The corresponding environment variable is ``RECEPTORCTL_SOCKET``.

.. code-block:: text

  ss --listening --processes --unix 'src = unix:<socket_path>'
  Netid         State          Recv-Q         Send-Q                   Local Address:Port                     Peer Address:Port        Process
  u_str         LISTEN         0              4096                   /tmp/local.sock 38130170                            * 0            users:(("receptor",pid=3226769,fd=7))

``ps -fp $(pidof receptor)``

> ``lsof -p <<pid>``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``lsof -p <pid>``
```

Reviewer: Just noticed this. Checked the other docs and can see it in `ping` and `work list`. :face_with_diagonal_mouth:

Author: and status, nice catch!
